Welcome back.
We've already seen a few basic m l tags such as headings.
Now discuss how to create lists in each team L. often you're going to want to display a list of information
on a web page such as the list of your friends on Facebook or the list of results from the Google search.
Each day mail has two types of tax for this.
A L which stands for in an ordered list and an O L which stands for an ordered list.
You else are just bulleted points and else are numbered.
Let's go ahead and check out how they work by hopping over to our text editor.
All right.
I've just created a basic thought each time I'll file in so I will fill it in the skeleton code.
H t m l.
We have our head and we have our body.
Let's create an ordered list inside of her body.
The way we do this is to start with an o l tan which stands for ordered list and will autocomplete and
then inside and in between these two L tags you can have list items.
So you do as you type.
I wish stands for a list item and then in-between the tags you just put in whatever your list item is
going to be.
For instance let's put in first item save this and I already have my browser opened over here on the
right.
I'm going to refresh it links right now.
The path to this h tim l file I refresh and I get to see one and then first item and as I add in more
items in between these live tags such as a second item save that refresh.
I now see automatically umber numbered 1 and 2.
And if you keep adding these in-between those old tags in the string can be anything you just refresh
and you'll see that automatically numbered for you.
So that is how ordered lists work.
Important if you want to keep numbering automatically there.
Keep in mind this number can actually change or CSSA later on the last capitalist's we're going to discuss.
Isn't an ordered list which is really similar structure to an ordered list except that UL in the tag
name and an in-between your list items that is the tags.
If you type in an item here what's going to happen when I save this and refreshed my page is I see a
new list.
However the item is bulleted.
That means even if I put in more lists here or more list items such as a second item save that refresh
I'll still get a bullet.
The last thing I want to mention is you can actually have nested lists.
So let's create a third list here or create an ordered list inside an ordered list.
I will have item 1 and item 2.
So if we save this and check out what our file looks like I have item 1 and item 2.
Now let's go ahead and remove these two first list the UN ordered and the ordered one save that refresh
and I only see item 1 in item 2 for the ferde list item 1 and going to do is put in an ordered list
and then add in another list item.
So I will say I am nested save that and when I refresh this notice what happens ASML is going to be
smart to have to automatically perform an indentation upon a nested list.
So here we have I am nested and notice how the bullet point has also changed automatically to indicate
that it's nested.
Now we can keep adding more items here so I'll say second nested item.
We can save that and will see the changes in.
If you really want you can even have a nest on top of this.
So inside the unordered list we could add in another ordered list and then put something like.
Whoa.
Very nested exclamation point.
Save that refresh and then you'll have another nested list inside of this list which is inside of this
list.
Now it's not too common to have this level of nested lists but keep in mind that it is possible.
Often for our projects we're only going to need just one list with no nesting.
OK so this is the very basics of creating lists in each T.M..
Again you have two main types an ordered list for numbers and an unordered list for just bullet points
and in between these two tags you'll put in your list items in between the slide tags.
OK we'll see you in the next lecture.